osd: add ibm key protect kms (#9545)
rook/rook: Documentation/ceph-kms.md

Note: if you are using self-signed certificates (not known/approved by a proper CA) you must pass `VAULT_SKIP_VERIFY: true`.
Communications will remain encrypted but the validity of the certificate will not be verified.

## IBM Key Protect

Rook supports storing OSD encryption keys in [IBM Key
Protect](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/key-protect). The current implementation stores OSD encryption
keys as [Standard Keys](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/key-protect?topic=key-protect-envelope-encryption#key-types) using the [Bring Your Own
Key](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/key-protect?topic=key-protect-importing-keys) (BYOK) method. This
means that the Key Protect instance policy must have Standard Imported Key enabled.

### Configuration

First, you need to [provision the Key Protect service](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/key-protect?topic=key-protect-provision) on the IBM Cloud. Once
completed, [retrieve the instance ID](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/key-protect?topic=key-protect-retrieve-instance-ID&interface=ui).

> Keep it safe, we need it in the CRD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make a record of it; we need it in the CRD.
```
